hello how about how they're welcome to
another abdomen video sex.com the day of
today I want to talk to you about the diet
of apple cider vinegar is very common
after the holidays in which
we tend to let ourselves be carried away by excesses
we feel a little more bloated than
as usual and what happens is that
our body becomes overloaded with toxins
that are transformed into those kilitos of
the ones that cost us a lot to undo it
however there is a fairly easy way
to purify our body and return
to feel healthy the diet the
apple cider vinegar but because the
Apple cider vinegar apple cider vinegar
has multiple properties
beneficial to health due to their
nutritional values among their
essential components are the
vitamins a and b minerals like
calcium phosphorus potassium zinc and acids
essential fatty acids among many more how
make us this cure this cure is pretty
simple to follow since it consists of
just take a spoonful of
half apple vinegar
hour before each meal
you must accompany it with one or two glasses
of water at room temperature so that
its delay effect to get the maximum
benefit of this cure I recommend that
picks
ecological and of good quality but and what
diet we follow then well let's
avoid red meats and dairy sausages
substitutes those for oatmeal rice drinks
almond among others
flours you can change the white bread for
wholemeal bread fried foods sugars
It is better to use stevia or honey
bee and table salt replace it by
sea ​​salt but good if we can not
eat any of this we eat then
well I tell you at breakfast what
we will make oat base
fruit smoothie always adding
dry fruits or fruits lunches
let's eat a plate of salad or
Whole- grain rice that has
proteins like meat but you do not have
fats can be fish or some
legumes and at dinner you also eat
a plate of salad or vegetable soup
accompanied by an egg with its respective
pear or apple and well many thanks
by watching this video if you liked it
forget to give me a like and
subscribe to the channel to be aware
of the new videos that I upload
constantly
also leave me your comment and what will I do
possible to answer you as soon as possible
follow me on facebook and twitter
I leave the links in the
description of this video make sure
follow me because it publishes very content
interesting
all the time and finally if you want
access the best information about
diets weight loss fitness nutrition
remedies to do to lose weight and a
super effective method to lose weight
in a very short time visit our blog
www.cuatro.com the link I leave in
the description of the video
thank you very much for watching the video and we
we see in the next